in this demonstration we will be
creating cory and alina frozen pops
visit www.meliar.com/mpanel.htm is
demonstration we are using vanilla
velvet gelato but any flavor of gelato
can be used begin your recipe by piping
desired gelato flavour into pre gels
frozen pop mold and inserting wooden
sticks
immediately place in the blast freezer
for about 30 minutes allowing the frozen
pops to harden once set quickly unmold
frozen pops on a Silpat line sheet pan
and store in a regular freezer for at
least 15 minutes or until ready to coat
when ready to coat melt desired poori
and Elina frozen pop coating in the
microwave pregel Cory and Alena frozen
pop coating flavors include white
chocolate lemon strawberry coffee and
chocolate when ready carefully dip
frozen pop into the Cory and Alena
frozen pop coating allow excess to drip
off frozen pop repeat as necessary then
immediately decorate as desired
place on a Silpat line sheet pan and
store in the freezer until ready to
serve or use pre gels frozen pop display
holder that fits in a standard ice cream
or gelato display case